feat: add docs on middleware (#795)
netlify/netlify-plugin-nextjs: README.md

# Essential Next.js Build Plugin (beta)

> :warning: This is the beta version of the Essential Next.js plugin. For the stable version, see

Reviewer: Minor cleanup to avoid a vision-based term:

```suggestion
:warning: This is the beta version of the Essential Next.js plugin. For the stable version, refer to
```

## What's new in this version

> Version 4 is a complete rewrite of the Essential Next.js plugin. For full details of everything that's new, see

Reviewer: cleanup for vision-based term

```suggestion
Version 4 is a complete rewrite of the Essential Next.js plugin. For full details of everything that's new, check out
```

package = "@netlify/plugin-nextjs"
```

If you previously set a custom `distDir` in your `next.config.js`, or set `node_bundler` or `external_node_modules` in
your `netlify.toml` these are no longer needed and can be removed.

The `serverless` and `experimental-serverless-trace` targets are deprecated in Next 12, and all builds with this plugin
will now use the default `server` target. If you previously set the target in your `next.config.js`, you should remove
it.

If you are using a monorepo you will need to change `publish` to point to the full path to the built `.next` directory,
which may be in a subdirectory. If you have changed your `distDir` then it will need to match that.

If you are using Nx, then you will need to point `publish` to the folder inside `dist`, e.g. `dist/apps/myapp/.next`.

If you currently use redirects or rewrites on your site, see
[the Rewrites and Redirects guide](https://github.com/netlify/netlify-plugin-nextjs/blob/main/docs/redirects-rewrites.md)
for information on changes to how they are handled in this version.

> If you want to use Next 12's beta middleware feature, this will mostly work as expected but please

Reviewer: To align with the capitalization that @MelanieCrissey recommends (and is in the Next.js docs):

```suggestion
If you want to use Next 12's beta Middleware feature, this will mostly work as expected but please
```
